Now we have this navigation test for the spec and let's add the same test for the chest parts.
Just copying the test description and opening up component.
Just as in the component, we had the implementation for the server rest handler for getting the users
and this is returning to the user one.
So for the API request part, we don't need to do anything.
All we will do is just add the test here.
So just adding the test to the bottom so it navigates to user page by clicking the username on the user
list.
So this is async.
So we are calling setup, we are going to the home page.
Then we are waiting for user one to appear because in home page we will make the API call to this end
point and it's going to be returning this user back.
So we are going to get the user and we will wait for that user to appear.
Find by text user one.
Then we are going to click to the element having this user which is list item.
So we call user event, click to user.
Let's change it to user list item.
So we are clicking the list item, then this will trigger the navigation and just copying this one.
This is going to be opening the user page.
So we are waiting for user page to be visible and we are doing that search and saving this.
And tests are passing.